published: false
title: First Post
date: 12-07-2013
tags: [python, flask, blog]

There have been a lot of posts on Hacker News lately about people creating static websites. I've meant to quickly throw together a blog for a while now but it seemed to require me embracing something I was completely uninterested in learning (Wordpress, Drupal, etc) or spending more effort than I really wanted to in order to roll my own. But seeing how some people tackled the idea of a static blog prompted me to think of Flask. Flask is currently my prefered backend of choice for how quick and easy it is to work with. I usually use it to serve JSON to power a javascript frontend but I had mucked around with the Jinja2 templates before and knew they were easy to use.

So after a quick google serach I found [this] (https://nicolas.perriault.net/code/2012/dead-easy-yet-powerful-static-website-generator-with-flask/) site that walks you through the steps to use Frozen Flask to turn a Flask site into a static site. I have minimally improved the baseline site that resulted using Foundation.css and a lovely walrus drawn for me by my friend Grace Garcia a while back. The only minor annoyance I really ran into during the process was having to deal with SASS in order to override some of the Foundation styling. I can see the need for Sass or Less with a very large site, and while I'm sure it still provides me some benefit, I would have prefered to spend my time and energy elsewhere. But I like Foundation so it was worth the small amount of time to get that all working for me. Foundation just recently released version 5 which made a lot of the videos and documentation I found not terribly useful as they referenced earlier versions so I had to actually dig into the documentation to figure it out. Unless something is obviously going to be central to my work I try to avoid learning anything more than I absolutely need to in order to accomplish my goal so I often will try to first spend a few minutes searching blogs and youtube tutorials to find something that answers my specific question before moving on to the 
